Dear Parent or Guardian:

In order for your child to participate in HackDAV, we need your consent and involvement in

helping your child have a productive and safe experience. Please carefully read and sign this

parental consent form. If you have any questions or would like further information, please email

hackdav2015@gmail.com.

In connection with and consideration of my child's (named above) participation in HackDAV

and related activities, I, on behalf of my child and myself, my heir(s), personal representative(s)

and assign(s), hereby represent and agree as follows:

● I understand that my child will be a participant in HackDAV and related activities, and I

hereby give permission for him/her to serve in that capacity at HackDAV.

● Should my child require emergency medical treatment, first aid, or transportation to a

hospital or medical facility as a result of illness or injury associated with my child's

participation in HackDAV, I consent to any such treatment, first aid and/or transportation

that may be provided to my child, and understand that HackDAV will not be responsible

for any costs associated with any of the foregoing.

● I understand that as a participant in HackDAV and related activities, my child will be

provided food and it is the responsibility of my child to ask about ingredients in all food

he/she chooses to ingest, and I have discussed this responsibility with him/her.

● I authorize HackDAV to publish or release to the media any pictures of my child during

his/her time as a participant in an approved HackDAV activity for promotional or

recognition purposes only.

● I, the undersigned, certify that I am the parent or legal guardian of the child (named

above) and that I have the right to make decisions for my child that affect his/her well

being. I recognize and acknowledge that physical injury, accident, illness, death, loss of

personal property, or other contingencies may befall my child as a participant in

HackDAV. I understand that my child is not in any way required to participate in the

program and related activities, and despite these risks, I want him/her to participate in

the preceding. In light of the preceding and with sufficient knowledge of my child's

physical and other conditions and limitations, if any, I voluntarily assume all responsibility

and risk of loss, damage, illness and/or injury to person or property which my child may,

in any way, sustain in connection with his/her participation in the program and related

activities. In consideration of my child's participation in the program and related activities,

I agree to release HackDAV and its directors and volunteers from any and all liabilities,

damages, losses and/or causes of action (collectively, "Claims") that I or my child may

suffer or have, including without limitation, to our persons or property or both, which arise

out of, are related to or in connection with, or occur during, my child's participation in or

attendance at the program and related activities except to the extent any such Claims

are caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the employees of

HackDAV. I further agree to indemnify and hold harmless HackDAV and its directors

and volunteers from any and all Claims arising out of, related to, or in connection with

the program or related activities that are caused by my or my child's negligent or

intentionally tortuous acts and/or omissions.

● I CERTIFY THAT I AM 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AND THAT I HAVE READ,

FULLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND I

SIGN IT VOLUNTARILY WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE OF ITS SIGNIFICANCE.
